My Travelling Diary       Latest journeys     Cities     Nature     Food      Contact

The gladdest moment in human life, is a departure into unknown lands

About me 
My name is Alice. 
I’m a passionate traveller. 
Welcome to my diary. 

Visit me on 

Blog in numbers 
45 journeys 
1,200 visitors 
11,200 words


San Francisco, officially the City and County of San Francisco, is the cultural, commercial, and financial center of Northern California and the only consolidated city-­‐county in California.[24] San Francisco encompasses a land area of about 46.9 square miles (121 km2)[25] on the northern end of the San Francisco Peninsula. 

It has a density of about 18,187 people per square mile (7,022 people per km2), making it the most densely settled large city (population greater than 200,000) in the state of California and the second-­‐most densely populated major city in the United States after New York City. San Francisco is the fourth-­‐most populous city in California, after Los Angeles,San Diego and San Jose, and the 14th-­‐most populous city in the United States—with a Census-­‐estimated 2014 population of 852,469. 

The city and its surrounding areas are known as the San Francisco Bay Area, which is a part of the larger OMB designated San Jose-­‐San Francisco-­‐Oakland combined statistical area, the fifth most populous in the nation with an estimated population of 8.6 million.


See more notes

Cities

Nature

Check out the most inspiring views in Europe.

Food 

Swiss Sweats 

Italian Tastes 

French Vines 

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam nonummy nibh euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam erat volutpat. Ut wisi enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exerci tation ullamcorper suscipit lobortis nisl ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

Contact
If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask.
alice@mytravellingdiary.pl

My Travelling Diary 2015
Picture credits: unsplash.com